nRF Cloud Logging (#10266)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/nrf_cloud_rest_device_message/README.rst

   :depth: 2

The REST Device Message sample demonstrates how to use the `nRF Cloud REST API`_ to send `Device Messages <nRF Cloud Device Messages_>`_ using the ``SendDeviceMessage`` REST endpoint.

> Every button press will send a message to nRF Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every button press sends a message to nRF Cloud.
```

The configuration file for this sample is located in :file:`samples/nrf9160/nrf_cloud_rest_device_message`.
See :ref:`configure_application` for information on how to configure the parameters.
To enable `Zephyr Logging`_ to nRF Cloud using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library, add the following parameter to your build command:

``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay_nrfcloud_logging.conf``

This overlay allows the sample and various subsystems that have logging enabled to send their logs to nRF Cloud.

> Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_LOG_OUTPUT_LEVEL` option to the log level of messages to send to nRF Cloud, such as 4 for debug log messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_LOG_OUTPUT_LEVEL` option to the log level of messages to send to nRF Cloud, such as ``4`` for debug log messages.
```
